Jiang Fan is almost unconscious
Prisoners don't know if it's useful
But this time
Try again.
Please, Captain
Please save him
You wake up
Wake up
Captain Jiang
I seem to be fine
It's alright
On the contrary, your shoes can only temporarily suppress the virus
To do it completely
Still need serum
I didn't expect your blood to be so useful
If so
I will take you in temporarily.
We
I just want to use the records here
You have to figure it out
I am the master here
You are not qualified to negotiate terms with me.
Call Van, we're out of time
Who has it?
You must also have someone very important to save
Why don't we sit down and talk?
Walk with me! Walk!